Although it is explained, you must use it and you will be rewarded.
I'm afraid it was done by protection.
Adults must ask people not to, children,
The child doesn't matter, I'll let you teach him,
Please teach him.
The vice president, you should see it, look at his vice president,
Vice President, I’m looking at you. Why don’t I look at you?
Vice President, do you think you should teach the Vice President? You can do it yourself.
Can't you even protect me?
The children don’t even care about Hairen.
Why don't you keep playing?
We have to wait to tell, actually.
Where could they be the family members around me?
The current situation around me is that several family members are personally around me.
But you live in heaven
And I’m not doing it for God
You stay here
I'll be by your side